== Engine Yard Database Backup

Engine Yard Database Backup is used to backup the latest database backup from Amazon's S3 service.
This gem downloads the latest file in the bucket you specify in your AWS S3 account.
This backup utility is to make sure there is a recent backup of the database incase Amazon's S3 service goes down and you need access to your data.

== Setting up and using the Engine Yard Database Backup gem

1. <tt>gem install ey_db_backup</tt>
2. Create the directory <tt>config</tt> within the local directory you are running the gem in.
3. Create a YAML file <tt>config.yml</tt> structured as below:
    <tt>access_key_id: "put your access key id here"
    secret_access_key: "put your secret access key here"
    bucket_name: "put the bucket name here"
    export_path: "put the location you want to export the file to here (e.g. documents/db_exports/)"
    environment: "put which environment you want backed up in Engine Yard (e.g. Production)"
    databases:
      - "list all databases here (e.g. apple)"
      - "(e.g. orange)"</tt>
4. Simply run <tt>ey_db_backup run_export</tt> to download the latest file in the bucket you specified to the directory you specified.

== Configuring Engine Yard Databse Backup for Development

1. Fork this project.
2. Create the config file as described above.
3. Code away!

== Contributing to ey_db_export

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Brett Chalupa. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

